It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
Flying fish flew by the space station.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
The old apple revels in its authority.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
At last
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
The old apple revels in its authority.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
Let me help you with your baggage.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
Don't step on the broken glass.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
Not all people who wander are lost.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
